DeustMedik Maven Project
This project contains a Spring Boot application managed with Maven for the management of doctors, patients, and medical appointments.

The pom.xml file has been adapted to include necessary dependencies such as Spring Boot Starter Web, Spring Boot Starter Data JPA, JUnit, Mockito, and JaCoCo.

The application uses an external SQL database, configured through Spring Data JPA, to persist data such as patients, doctors, and appointments.

Compiling the project
mvn compile

Launching the tests
mvn test

The project includes:

Unit tests (located in test/unit) for service logic.

Integration tests (located in test/integration) for verifying complete flows (e.g., registration).

Performance tests (located in test/rendimiento) to measure the execution time of repository operations.

Create the distributable version of the compiled code (JAR)

mvn package

The packaged version will be written to the target folder and can be run adding the generated JAR to the classpath and specifying the main class to be launched

java -jar target/DeustMedik-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
The application will start an embedded server (e.g., Tomcat) and expose the REST endpoints for managing patients, doctors, and appointments.

In addition, a application.properties file is included that defines the SQL database connection parameters (JDBC URL, username, password, etc.).

Furthermore, the code coverage report is automatically generated using JaCoCo and can be found at:

target/site/jacoco/index.html
The Javadoc documentation can be generated by running the following command

mvn javadoc:javadoc
which uses the default maven-javadoc-plugin configured with Maven.

Finally, to delete and clean all the artifacts generated by previous builds, run the command

mvn clean
and check that the target directory is removed.